Build fix with .xcframework (#63)
smartdevicelink/sdl_security_ios: README.md

### Generating the Static Security Library
1. In the scheme menu of Xcode, set the active scheme to **SDLSecurityStatic**.
1. Build and run the **SDLSecurityStatic** scheme (**Product > Build For > Running**). 

> 1. Locate the **SDLSecurityStatic.xcframework** file in the root directory of the project with Finder. The `.xcframework` file contains Headers. For Swift apps, the headers will need to be imported in the bridging header for the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Locate the **SDLSecurityStatic.xcframework** file in the root directory of the project with Finder. The `.xcframework` folder contains the static library builds and header files in a structure that Xcode 12+ can understand.
```

> 1. Locate the **SDLSecurityStatic.xcframework** file in your project directory through finder. The .xcframework file does contain Headers which could be linked in your project's build settings (**Build Settings > Header Search Paths**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Locate the **SDLSecurityStatic.xcframework** file in the root directory of the project with Finder. The `.xcframework` file contains Headers which must be linked in the app's build settings (**Build Settings > Header Search Paths**). For Swift apps, the headers will need to be imported in the bridging header for the app.
```

Please note that while I've kept the header search paths section here, in my testing I *did not* have to set the header search paths. Please test again, it would be nice to remove this if it's not needed.

Author: It does look like the .h files are getting recognized without setting the header search path

Author: Maybe we can leave it as a hint in case xcode was heaving issues detecting them?

Reviewer: I don't think it's necessary, we can remove it.

> 1. Alternatively you can locate the header files needed manually, right click and select **Show in Finder** for the following header files **SDLSecurityConstants.h** and **SDLSecurityManager.h**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Alternatively you can locate the header files needed manually, right click and select **Show in Finder** for the following header files **SDLSecurityConstants.h** and **SDLSecurityManager.h**. They will need to be dragged into the app project. For Swift apps, the headers will need to be imported in the bridging header for the app.
```

> 1. Alternatively you can locate the header files needed manually, right click and select **Show in Finder** for the following header files **SDLSecurityConstants.h** and **SDLSecurityManager.h**. They will need to be dragged into the app project. For Swift apps, the headers will need to be imported in the bridging header for the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Adding the Static Security Library to a SDL App

> 1. In Xcode, drag and drop the following file into your project: **SDLSecurityStatic.xcframework** (or its equivalent after OEM naming modifications are made).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Drag the **SDLSecurityStatic.xcframework** (or its equivalent after OEM naming modifications are made) file to the app project in Xcode. The `.xcframework` file contains the static library and header files. For Swift apps, the headers will need to be imported in the bridging header for the app.
```

> 1. In Xcode, drag and drop the following 3 files into your project: **SDLSecurityStatic.xcframework**, **SDLSecurityConstants.h** and **SDLSecurityManager.h** (or their equivalents after OEM naming modifications are made). Make sure **SDLSecurityStatic.xcframework.a** is not embedded by checking the **General** tab of your project settings.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Xcode, drag and drop the following file into your project: **SDLSecurityStatic.xcframework** (or its equivalent after OEM naming modifications are made).
```
